{"review_id": "130149997", "app_id": "1527950", "review_text": "The basic premise of the game is that you control a changing party of mercenaries and seek your fortune in a low-fantasy open world. As this is essentially the same premise as Battle Brothers, which I'm very familiar with, I'm going to compare the two in my review. I think a lot of people who will be interested in this newer game (still EA) will have already tried Battle Brothers, so such a comparison may be helpful to them.\n\nCompared to BB, this game has a much greater sense of REALISM; every experience is more immersive. Instead of moving your party's icon across the map, you will see your group of members, complete with their beast(s) of burden and wagon(s), walking across the world itself. There are lots of points of interest in the world for you to interact with, including resource deposits to collect, groups of travelers of different factions, towns to visit, tombs to explore, etc. Most locations allow for you to search for things, sort of like a hidden object game. When you enter a town, there are multiple locations to visit, but they're a bit more involved than simply a menu with a list of options. Sometimes there are puzzles or quests involving multiple people, and in many cases you'll have to choose which faction to side with. Rather than hiring non-combat followers like BB, each of your companions can choose a profession which is very useful for the party as a whole; for example, you can designate someone to be a cook, which will enable them to cook recipes from food ingredients, and someone else to be a miner, allowing them to extract ore from mines. Most professions are associated with a mini-game; an angler has a little game in which you try to keep a fish on the line. The crafting system involves gathering resources from many sources: from town shops, from travelling merchants, from harvesting natural deposits, from skinning defeated animals; and then unlocking recipes that can be completed in your camp or in a dedicated workshop. The sheer number of things to do, and the way they all connect and benefit your team - it's a very impressive system. In terms of the fantasy element: if BB is a \"low\" fantasy world, this seems to be a \"lower\" fantasy world. If there is any sort of magic (beyond certain alchemy potions) or fantastic creatures (beyond a humongous rat) in this game, I have not discovered it yet.\n\nGRAPHICALLY, the game outshines BB in every way. All people have full 3D models; all movements, battle skills, etc. are fully animated, and they're done so very well. I'm not knocking Battle Brothers here at all; it simply focuses on gameplay and doesn't endeavor to do a whole lot graphically, and people who enjoy it aren't looking to be wowed with graphics. That said, this game does, and uses the graphics for full immersion in a very impressive way.\n\nThe COMBAT is comparable to Battle Brothers, each having strengths and weaknesses. One of my favorite things about both games is that everybody can die. For real. For good. If you suck and let one of your guys die, they're dead. Gone. Bye bye. When I said your party is *changing*, that's what I meant: if you bite off more than you can chew, they'll be pushing up daisies in no time, and you'll have to recruit replacements. That said, combat in this game is *slightly* more forgiving, in that there's a mechanic applied to all your characters that essentially gives them the \"nine-lives\" perk from BB; that is, if they would be killed by a blow the first time, they survive it for a moment but will die for real if they take any more damage before they are healed. \"Healed\", meaning a realistic first aid skill that doesn't magically put them back to full health - it stops bleeding, burning, etc., and gives them a few hitpoints. A major difference between this game and BB is that battles are affected very little by RNG rolls; it rarely determines whether attacks hit or miss. (It does affect the order that enemies take their turns, as well as damage output for most skills.) Another major difference is that the tactical maps are not hex-based; they are based on realistic distances. Characters, depending on their movement ability, may be able to move up to, say, 10 meters. Positioning is very important, as different skills and weapons have different ranges (in meters). There are also natural hazards for certain tactical maps, such as falling rocks in caves, or lightning strikes during storms. (I actually find that these detract from the realism a bit, however, for two reasons: #1 in real life, they don't happen often enough to be a real factor in any battle of this size; #2, you get a preview of the AoE for these hazards before the turn, so you know exactly where and when they will occur, and you have plenty of time to get your guys out of the way.) In all, the combat feels very good in this game. I'm delighted to tell you that I screwed the pooch about 20 times before I finally figured out how to keep my guys alive.\n\nYour COMPANIONS can be recruited from inns, from prisons, or other sources, such as solving a dilemma a certain way or completing a quest. You can also take prisoners and force them to do your bidding, including even taming most animals in the game and having them fight for you. Unlike BB, they have classes rather than backgrounds; the classes determine what options are available when they level up, so the customization doesn't feel quite as flexible as BB. You cannot equip any armor/weapon on any class. Only an Archer can use a bow, and he/she can't use anything else (that I'm aware of); in the event that they are forced into a melee attack, they can only use their fist to punch for a couple points' damage. The Ranger class is essentially a \"rogue\" from most RPG-type games. They can only wield a knife and an option off-hand weapon. I'm not sure why he's called a \"ranger\", as his primary weapon is not ranged and he doesn't really have any connection to nature or animals. As far as the uniqueness of characters' appearance, there are about 5 faces, 5 hairstyles, 5 beards, 5 hair colors, etc that you can choose from. So you can customize... just not a lot. However, companions can be either male or female, though I'm not sure of the full implications of this, or if it's simply an aesthetic choice. As you progress through the game, events can happen (like in BB) where characters acquire new traits or even promotions. When you hire someone, you don't know how exactly they will end up a month down the road.\n\nPROCEDURAL GENERATION: This is the main area where BB triumphs over Wartales, as it has a fully generated, randomized world for each game. This is the main reason why I have over 4000 hours in it: it's hugely replayable. In comparison, the world of Wartales and most things in it were manually designed. RNG does affect some things from game to game, such as which items are available for sale at different locations, where/when some resources will appear, who will be travelling where and when, the order that quests will appear, etc. However, the world is otherwise a map of the same area from game to game. You can re-play the game with different characters, strategies, skills, and whatnot, and you can unlock different starting areas as you progress through the game; however, you will still be playing the same world, and you'll know all locations, stories, main quests, and decisions ahead of time, provided that you've discovered them before in an earlier playthrough. In my opinion, this is the only real drawback to this game compared with BB; but for me, it's a major one.\n\nThat said, this is a very fun, high-quality game with a ton of stuff to see and do and try out. What the developers set out to do, they have achieved remarkably. And it's still only Early Access - you can bet it's only going to get better as they continue to add more of the same.", "label": 1}
