{"review_id": "136586726", "app_id": "1527950", "review_text": "Wartales (finally emerging from Early Access today) is a 3D spiritual successor the Battle Brothers. The premise is similar, you start as a small ragtag band of mercenaries where the only goal is to continue surviving. To do so you must manage your resources like food, money, healing potions, etc. to ensure you can keep surviving.  Battles take place in tactical turn-based style.\n\nPro's\n- The combat is refreshingly strategic. Your characters don't have an \"order\" they go in, you get to choose which character takes actions in what order (each character goes once per \"round\"). You can have wild swings when you play correctly, or lose a companion if you plan poorly.\n- The world is well crafted and I particularly like the idea they used with Pitons... essentially you can tie ropes down from steep ledges which can serve as short cuts in the future. More ability to influence the world would be great, but it's a small thing you never got with Battle Brothers.\n-Professions - Each character can specialize in a \"side job\". This is similar to how Battle brothers allowed you to have skills with non-combat mercs, except now they are tied to your mercs. Some are a bit silly (woodchopping? really?) but I like how these skills are used and breath a bit more life in to your mercs.\n\nNeutrals\n- Region Quests - I really like how each region essentially has a unique \"main questline\" to follow. I think it adds life to the world and allows for you to make decisions on what type of mercenary party you want to be. The reason this is in Neutral is because the execution struggles to deliver in most regions. You can do some of the events out of order (which is fine by itself) however you often miss the backstory on what is happening. For instance, in one region, the quest line is essentially \"Lord A is at war with Lord B\" and that's it. You can do a variety of things to assist one side or the other, but the greater narrative is lacking. Why did they go to war? Why should I support one or the other? Just having an NPC in the town you can get information from would be a great addition.\n\nCon's\n- Combat can be a lengthy experience. If you have a large party (which is encouraged but not required) you will only go up against large parties. I have 13 active companions and will regularly go up against 16 enemies. This makes for long rounds (4 rounds is about average for combat). Especially if it's combat that isn't particularly engaging (wild animals) you can get bogged down. This is especially challenging if you have limited play time.\n- Difficulty - So this isn't Battle Brothers. Anyone used to tactical turn based combat is going to find \"normal\" difficulty fairly easy. This isn't the negative though, the negative is the implementation of difficulty scaling. You get the option at the beginning to chose Dynamic Scaling (no matter where you go, you will always face approx the same difficulty of enemies) or Region Locked (each region has a set difficulty). My complaint is that trying to implement BOTH of these has resulted in neither being well done. Dynamic Scaling completely takes away any sense of accomplishment or progress. Now I have to fight 18 wolves instead of 5.... while region locking can force grinding to progress. Personally, I highly recommend Region Locked.\n\n\nOverall, I am greatly enjoying the game and highly recommend it. This is a starting point. Battle Brothers took years to get to the state it's in now and I think Wartales has a similarly strong foundation to continue adding content and addressing weakness.", "label": 1}
