{"review_id": "118681190", "app_id": "1729900", "review_text": "Rhythm Brawl is a laughably poor Guitar Hero ripoff with an adversarial bent as you play a 3 button rhythm game to some pretty craptastic music and wonder why Valve doesn't have the quality control for Steam it so badly needs.  There's a few different game modes and you can play PvP or vs the computer or just watch the computer play itself, this is convenient because while the computer is playing itself you can go find a pencil to rupture your eardrums so you don't have to listen to the crap music anymore.  Very thoughtful of the developers there. \n\nThe nicest thing I can say about this is that it doesn't use 2D retro pixel \"art\".  Unfortunately, instead, it uses some of the most eye gougingly bad high school art class dropout drawings (I won't deign to call that scribbling \"art\") instead.  Like really bad.  Pixel art would be better, seriously, it's atrocious.  The developers indicated they would replace it, but that hasn't happened yet, so the game gets judged for what it is. \n\nThere's no options to change the resolution for the game or customise the graphics settings.  There's no way for gamers to ensure this is running at the native resolution of their displays... there's no guarantee this game will look right on any PC as a result of this hamfisted design decision.  There's no way for gamers to try improve the low quality graphics.\n\nSome of the defects in the game can be attributed to the choice of using the Godot game engine/toolset.  This is a very poor quality toolset sometimes used by amateur developers as it's free (so they don't have to pay for GameMaker Studio) and doesn't require advanced game development skills, but unfortunately has very limited capabilities (it's arguably worse than GameMaker Studio).  Just as you can't make a silk purse out of a sows ear, you can't make a great video game if you use a terrible engine.\n\nThey're seriously trying to charge money for this, $4 USD plus an eye watering $8 USD to unlock the rest of the game they haven't finished (yeah, there's DLC for an incomplete Early Access game, that's not okay to the point of being unethical).  All that for a business model to try compete with Spotify by charging $12 USD for 6 crap songs on Steam.  Ugh.  If you play this game I recommend proactively seeing an oncologist afterwards.", "label": 0}
