{"review_id": "107194722", "app_id": "1527950", "review_text": "I buy a few new games this time of year, the sales, but this one deserves mention. It's stand out in many ways, it's a survival sim, as well as very immersive RPG. You are a band of deserters, bandits with the potential to become unwanted...or ??, or just some farm boys out for fun, that's just 3 of the 5 starting bands of 4. In the end you are mercs or bandits, or a trader, you can even be a cannibal with a pack of hogs you feed instead of regular folks. The game is very open, with lots of side quests, so much so that I don't want to spoil it as it's so new and so many are finding new ways to survive and explore. The devs also have a strong rep, and have produced some very good games, so looking forward to more content. Right now there are 3 provinces I have found,  trade is possible between them, but you will need to protect you goods. Another good money maker is bounty hunting, take prisoners and sell them, but there us a limit. The game is pretty well balanced and does not play like an EA at all, other than lacking voice actors it's pretty polished, the world is quite immersive with each province having it's own main story line....I think they all tie together, trade control seems to be a main motive? I have yet encounter any real bugs, though sometime I think i have, you can only sell bandits as prisoners...not the innocent folks you bash over the head and force into slavery because you are to cheap to buy another pony....but you will have to feed them. It's deep, and the turn based combat is too, like chess, skill and fore thought are required. in short BUY IT, best new game of the season. The only thing lacking is more provinces, and PvP, there is already an arena you can fight NPCs in so really hoping that becomes a PvP thing...with a full loot option of course, maybe even some Pvp provinces? Who knows? These devs have proven they can deliver what we want, the newest \"happiness patch\" makes the games so much better right off, that was direct and quick response to player feed back.", "label": 1}
