{"review_id": "136562281", "app_id": "2156300", "review_text": "This review is not because I want a refund but I do want to see future episodes well maybe I like watching Car Crashes in the Highway. Spoilers AHEAD. Number 1.IF YOUR LOOKING FOR NAKED WOMEN AND BASIC PORN GO AWAY ( i believe there is no naked tag on the game ). I would like to say though even Nicholas Sparks does steamy sex in his books/movies it did not hurt him but that is not what the development team is going for (you can portray Intimacy with nudity and not be pornographic, sex sells ). No 2. Price point in 2009 Minecraft was sold for 13 dollars ( you can google this ) so is Unscripted.. do not expect Minecraft level of play ability. No 3. I ran into Saving problems while I was save scumming all the possible options to get all the possible 4 vibes which i only did 3 romantic / dreamer / Joker. (fixed by turning off the game and turning it on again ) No. 4 I got some flashing white blank in the middle of the screen during some scenes. which only appeared a few times but still annoying. also Trying to keep track of the Vibe changes seems to have stopped after the Demo version of the game. also the relationship points for ( trust ) the River char. only seemed to show during the first episode. making everything you did before demo and after demo not integrated. i.e you will go on a date with River no matter how bad you fucked up. No. 5 Second girl ( i think the name was angela lol ) during the pitch meeting seems more filler at this point to express how shitty the MC's life really is and the whole important choice there really was not that important but to give you different ways you can react to rejection / opportunity. No. 6 At least the most of the Graphics as far as i can tell ( yes i breeze thru alot of AVN ) are not recycled or horribly out of human proportions. but  i think they can do better.. ( they could have made the mc character more pleasant looking maybe not like Tom Cruise or Zac Efron but just a little more leading man like also why does not he look like his bro. ? he adopted? ) No 7. (im trying to get to ten but should have stopped at 5.) The sound Still comes on when i turn on the game even when i muted it on a previous run thru it didnt remember my settings from past run? ( ya im nitpicking at this point i know ) No. 8. one of the other reviews Said not enough save slots i didnt believe till i started scumming to try to get all the possible Vibes so yes this is the truth on that matter. No. 9 ( almost there ) During the Sex Scene you asked if you want to skip it and manually control it some how that part still buggy because i clicked no to not skip and yes to control it and it skipped. ( ya i know its a bug? still buggy at launch? dont worry i played 7 days to die thru what felt like 10 years of early access and ya that shit i still play today still buggy as hell or id like to think of it as a feature ) No. 10 Finally with all the bad things i might have said i would still wait to see how it ends up i been waiting for VTM Bloodline 2 since what 2019? at least Unscripted actually is out.", "label": 0}
