{"review_id": "136559763", "app_id": "1949030", "review_text": "No, it's still not on the level of Crimes and Punishments. It appears Frogwares just doesnt effin get it. We want the games to be more like C&P NOT what came after it. The design mistakes of The Sinking City and Chapter One are still present though they seemed to have realized the eavesdropping and combat sucked so they have been removed. Once again, you are asked to make choices on guesswork since they could really go either way, things will not be visible because you werent on the right viewmode or were not highlighting the the right clue. Yes, the silly pinning mechanic is still here, and the game wants to be a sequel to Chapter One, constantly referencing it. Chapter One was a mistake that should be forgotten, not referenced multiple times within the first minutes. You already have a foundation to build on, it's called Crimes and Punishments. The mind map has been simplified yet again, and in a more frustrating way that tells you what kind of clues to select and how many, in a much less intuitive or interesting way than select posibilities enabling a logic train of thought like the one in C&P and TDD. The new Mind Map is also ripe for frustration and bruteforcing as you will frequently know what the answer is, just not what evidence it wants as the chain of thought that leads to it (a common problem of detective games), or you know onlt the logic train to an answer and it comes out of Sherlock's ass since the player could not have pieced the finan deduction from the clues. I'm supposed to BE Sherlock, not WATCH and nudge Sherlock. This is not a Watson game.\nAlso, in that respect, the Imagination mechanic still solves the whole thing for you. You play a game of ordering very vague but still chronologically simple to follow events, but then Sherlock fills in all the blanks sometimes with plenty of information you didnt glean at all or couldnt be sure of. The character does the detective work instead of the player who gets to play a minigame and watch. Yaaaay.\n And once again, side cases either dont get a mind map at all or get an even more simplified one.\nOh, and in a cruel twist of UX, the archive is now accesed by looking at clues. I bet many returning players will try to access it by frantically pacing around the two inches of 221B you can move through repeatedly befroe realizing that. I'm beginning to think the game lacked playtesting.\nI'll probably finish it as I'm out of other games but if you were hoping for a return to form, sorry, no. It seems whomever is in charge now plain and simply doesnt get the appeal of the best detective game they made, and has no interest in building on it. They like what I consider to be their worse games too much and will continue on the path they laid foward in them. Shame. Chapter One was a mistake and they are happy to keep making it. Fire whomever is in charge of CO and this pseudo remake and get the people in charge of C&P back on board for the next one.\nP.S: Credit where credit is due, the game is really well optimized and while the animations are lacking, the character models for Sherlock and John are great.", "label": 0}
