{"review_id": "136560732", "app_id": "2060670", "review_text": "It starts off promising enough, but having played the full release, I just don't know why you would play this over almost any other competent release in the new genre.\n\nThe graphics are neat, and there are a lot of interesting things presented - talents on level up that unlock a new set of talents, choosing your starting basic weapon, the watering thing is neat and the building stuff seems interesting. The problem is, you don't get to interact with it at all. You choose from 4 options on level up, and that includes \"potions\" which are basically temporary buffs. The pool of talents is MASSIVE, and not weighted (as far as I can see). You get 2 rerolls per floor, which amounts to about 8 rerolls per run, which is basically useless for actually trying to do \"a build\". If you choose one of those \"class\" talents that unlock more options (mechanic, ki, etc.) it gets even worse.\n\nBasically all the choices are worthless because, like all these genre of games, you need synergy and multiplicative power to survive, which means just take the most basic, passive stat upgrades, and the basic fish summon skills, and do the same thing every run because everything else requires a staggering amount of luck in your favor to see work. \n\nYou can experiment on the lowest tier difficulty a bit but even then you'll often just run into not killing stuff fast enough which means less xp which means less leveling which means killing stuff slower which means spending 5 minutes after the end of the level timer dodging endlessly while you whittle away the hp of the boss (or you could go onward and forsake even more xp). Oh also you obviously get WAY less rewards at the basic tier. Also unlocking higher tiers requires beating the previous tier, which means doing incrementally less forgiving runs over and over using the same builds over and over because anything else could mean wasting 15-20 minutes of your time and not knowing it until the choices keep failing to happen.\n\nThere is a fun game hidden here behind the insane lack of meaningful choices presented to the player. If the level up options were like, 8 choices instead of 4, it would STILL be more RNG than most of these games, but it might be more friendly to try out other builds. There's just no reason to recommend this because it's closer to playing a tedious slot machine than a bullet heaven.", "label": 0}
