{"review_id": "136576847", "app_id": "1527950", "review_text": "I'm really on the fence about this game. When I got it as the very early and incomplete version, it was awesome, arguably the best \"tactical RPG\" I know, even devoid of many features. But, as the versions progressed and the changes were made, it became worse. Today, probably hours away from release, it's... just another tRPG, I guess. With a couple interesting ideas and a number of annoying problems, just like most games.\n\nThe changes themselves are quite subtle. (sorry for long explanations, it's fairly intuitive when you actually play).\nAs an example, there is a very nice implementation of turn order: both your and your opponents' men are \"distributed evenly\" in the turn order for the round, so if the number of combatants is equal, you and enemy take turns acting with a single fighter, until all fighters act. However, for the AI, the order of its units acting is fixed, while you can act with any of your guys (who didn't act in this turn yet). While \"unfair\" towards the AI, it provides many interesting choices and tactics.\nNow, if the enemy has twice as many people as you do, for each of your actions, they make two. So, even if you kill (or otherwise deal with) the guy who acts next (the obvious choice), another enemy will act after that and probably you'll be in some trouble. So, the difference in numbers turns out to be very, very important.\nWhat did they change? Now, the number of your enemies is always quite close to yours, and in cases it somehow isn't, the extra units will arrive later (when you already killed many enemies) as reinforcements. So, the (rightfully dreaded) experience of being outnumbered is cut off from the game. Now, a lot of battles follow the same pattern: you neutralize the enemy who acts next, then he doesn't do much (or anything at all, if killed), rinse, repeat. A hundred of perfectly forgettable battles. \n\nI could write several such examples, including camp management, economy, fog mechanics. The early versions did convey the right experiences: you struggled to stay afloat with money, thoughtfully picked your contracts, took care of your men. But the updates made the game progressively worse. My best guess is, the game designers knew what they are doing and made bold (and really good!) decisions, but then some salespeople took over the game and made it \"accessible for wider audience\" or something - just another game.\n\nUPD. The release actually happened while I was writing this. Congratulations! Despite all I wrote above, kudos for actually going all the way to the finished game, I know it's hard work.", "label": 0}
