{"review_id": "136513050", "app_id": "2334560", "review_text": "The concept and art are fine, but the game's mechanics and other design decisions prevent it from being enjoyable to play. \n\nThe protagonist of the tale is a mixed-race fox who aspires to be something other than an alcoholic slacker. Let's just say that the story is quite basic and that your overall goal is to change your destiny.\n\nThe game plays like any other action/platformer. You can jump, scale walls, and attack. You immediately realize that the stamina system is involved in all actions, which is fine when done correctly and just for certain acts. However, in this game it\u2019s highly aggravating because jumping also depletes your stamina. Platformers require a lot of jumping, thus you'll spend most of your time waiting for it to fully recharge before making a jump. Then wait once again on the following platform. And again.\n\nThe same goes for combat. Each battle becomes a chore due to the very slow recharge. You're moving around wasting a lot of your stamina trying to gather enough for just one hit. When you have enough experience points, you can increase your stats, but you must first kill enemies who use a totally absurd mechanic.\n\nEnemies are brainless. They will follow you anywhere you go if you are in their line of sight, including across ledges, into pits, under spikes, etc. It is usually simpler to lure them into traps, which kill them and leave their corpse hovering in the air.\n\nThe game goes with old-school style of progress, which means linear path and no option to revisit stages. Even if stages include numerous paths and secret spots with gold and treasure, it's difficult to collect everything because it's so easy to die. Furthermore, if you just head for the exit, you can make things much tougher for yourself because each coin and experience point is valuable.\n\nThe overall difficulty of the game was the final straw that broke my back. There are traps everywhere, coming out of nowhere and taking cheap shots at you. Even if you survive falling into a hole, you most likely won't have the strength to climb out.\n\nWhat makes this even more annoying is the lack of checkpoints. If you die, everything you collect is lost and entire progress reset. Any kind of exploration is entirely discouraged because you don\u2019t want to spend time by carefully navigating the stage, collecting everything you can and then get killed by a stray arrow. \n", "label": 0}
