{"review_id": "136628148", "app_id": "1649740", "review_text": "Firstly, if you're a Steam Deck owner, who, like me, trawls Steam reviews and forums to see how a game runs, let me open by saying that Hunt the Night runs perfectly 'out of the box' and is a fantastic handheld experience! \n\nHunt the Night is a brutal beast of a game. On appearance, it seems similar to fellow pixel-art horror titles like Vivette and Lamentum. I expected a story driven affair, with puzzles and light combat akin to a top-down Zelda. What I got was a tough-as-nails 2D action RPG like Bloodborne. From an indie perspective, the game I found 'Hunt the Night' most similar to was 'There is No Light'. \n\nNow, let me be frank: this is one difficult game. You will die, and die a lot. Patience is an absolute pre-requisite to progression. The bosses are challenging, initially frustrating, but not impossible. After several quick deaths to the second boss, an anthropomorphic bird creature, I had to take a break to rethink my approach. You will not get anywhere by button mashing in this game.\n\nYour character, Vesper, has a close combat move, a ranged attack, a dash and a special move. Early on, your magical moves make little difference but it becomes a key tool in your arsenal as the game progresses. Weapons come in a variety of forms, some are slow but powerful, others quick but inflict less damage. The dash move depletes your stamina bar, so you must use it sparingly. And this is where I made some early mistakes. My advice to anyone picking up this game would be to make every dash count. Watch enemy patterns, look for their tells, and listen to the sounds when they make different moves. \n\nAnother fatal error was trying to get too many swipes of my weapon into one attack. With bosses, I initially went in 'all guns blazing' and attacked at any opportunity. Later, after several deaths, I chose my moments carefully. I decided against being greedy, attacking with a single swipe and moving away, and using my dash to avoid the most devastating attacks. Perseverance is key. These bosses will not go down easily, and, just as you have got on top of their moves and taken half of their energy, they unleash a second phase of new attacks. \n\nIt's worth mentioning that the game is not all combat. There are plenty of puzzles, from simple button pressing and finding keys to open locked doors, to more story driven object placement, similar to 'Silent Hill'. I never found the puzzles a chore, or something which affected the pace of the game, In fact, they give you more reason to scour each dungeon or the outer world (as well as provide welcome relief from the intense bosses).\n\nSadly, there is no map to keep a check on where you've visited, or where you have to go. I found myself getting lost on occasion, particularly after leaving the game and returning to it after playing other games. I had a similar problem with 'There is No Light', although the developers added a map of sorts to that game post launch. \n\nI've really enjoyed my time with 'Hunt the Night' so far, and feel I am now in sync with what the game expects of the player. This is not an easy game to play, and may be too much for some. But, if you have enjoyed From Software's 'Bloodborne',  this is the closest thing to a 2D 'de-make' I've played. \n\nThe challenge is great but the rewards greater. \n", "label": 1}
