{"review_id": "136618772", "app_id": "1811990", "review_text": "As someone who's constantly looking for new deckbuilders to try out, I was really excited to check out Wildfrost's demo earlier this year. The game combined an adorable artstyle with a high difficulty where it's uncertain whether or not you'll make it one third of the way into the run. The full game did not disappoint me at all -- compared to the demo, the runs have been expanded to include 2 more acts, and there many unlockables for future playthroughs.\n\n\nThe game features wonderful artwork with a cartoony cel-shaded artstyle. All of the character cards have a personality to them, and I was surprised to see that some of the cards would change their appearance depending on actions you take in combat. Blood would splatter on their fronts, a monster would grow depending on how enraged it got and an ally would increase the size of the snowball in their hands after you power her up.\n\nAdded to that are various interactive UI elements that react to your actions -- bell relics swing and produce noise when you hover your mouse over them, upgrades are presented as trinkets on a keychain that you can attacks to your units. The various locations you visit also have satisfying animations for interacting with them, be it breaking a slab of ice or feeding your cards to Muncher. This makes the game really fun from an aesthetic point of view, it's simply a joy to look around the interface.\n\n\nThe combat itself seems to be an involved version of an autobatter: you play down unit cards, and they automatically attack targets (or use abilities) after their cooldown is complete. In addition to that, you can play skill cards to influence the battlefield yourself, applying status effects and doing direct damage to units. In between turns, you're free to move any and all of your units around the field, choosing who is going to be at the front to take damage, who can be sacrificed to the incoming heavy hit, and who should be sent back to your deck to recover some hitpoints. Other than these actions, each card you play takes exactly 1 turn to resolve, causing enemies to act immediately, even before your own units.\n\nThis causes the game to be all about reacting to the puzzle presented in front of you on each of the turns. How do you take the least amount of damage? How can you kill the most enemies in a single turn, as doing so makes them drop more loot? Can you afford to leave this character out, or should you play it safe and heal it up, resetting its attack timer and having to play it out again later?\n\n\nThe downside of this, is that the battlefield can get rather complex, with multiple enemies and allies triggering each other's abilities, some of which might be unclear to a new player or someone who's not in the mind to pay complete attention to the game. I have lost several runs simply because I forgot about a keyword an enemy had, causing them to hit my hero instead of the default target and losing me the game. The combat is unforgiving -- you're not given warnings or previews about the following turn, though you do get a battlelog where you can see what went wrong. One mishap that kills your hero, and you need to start over (or close the game to reset the combat if you don't mind cheating).\n\n\nOnce you're dead, the game will show you the progress you've made towards unlocking new content. You can get different units to add to your starter deck, which are pets in this game; you can unlock new charms to find in your runs, which represent the game's upgrades; you can also unlock new locations to visit during a run and new factions to play, which feature their own decks and playstyles. \n\nI'm personally not a fan of meta-progression in games, though I think the way Wildfrost does it is fairly fun. At the same time I do feel that putting some of the encounters behind an unlock barrier feels a little unsatisfying to me. Additionally, the way the game's \"hub\" is organized is that you have ~8 different buildings. After you click on one of them, the NPC inside will show you what type of unlock you can get, and what you need to do to get it. This means that if you want to see all of the challenges you need to complete, you have to keep clicking back and forth between these locations -- and they're spread out all around the screen in a scrollable scene in buildings that aren't easy (for me) to identify the purpose of at a glance.\n\nI would love it if there was a list detailing all the quests in a single menu screen, like the one they have for achievements, and if there was a side panel using which you could switch between all of the buildings without having to scroll or look for the right one.\n\nThe game's \"ascension\" mode where you increase the difficulty of the game after completing it is also quite interesting -- you both get penalties and boosts for doing so. The first two difficulty increases make it so enemies have a chance to be upgraded (while dropping more gold) and the waves come out one turn quicker (but your starting unit is played down for free on the first turn).\n\n\nHaving enjoyed this game so much, it was a surprise to me just how many people found it unfun. I read the reviews stating that this is one of the worst deckbuilders around, that it has no sense of balance, that no matter how you build or upgrade your deck, you're bound to lose due to how much stronger the enemies are, that there is absolutely no variety in viable builds. Now, usually I wouldn't fanboy over a game I like just because it received harsh criticism, however, in this case it feels to me that the reviews like that are misleading.\n\n\nMy opinion is that the game's balance is fine. I was capable of winning my run immediately after finishing the tutorial, but I lost because of a mistake. I won my first run on my 4th attempt, and my second one on an increased difficulty on my 10th attempt. The majority of my losses were down to me not fining a solid end-game strategy by the middle of act 2, or because I didn't pay enough attention and got my hero killed. Both of these are fine in this line of games -- you're not [b]meant[/b] to win every run. Some runs are you barely scraping by with a semblance of a deck you cobbled together, while others have you farm a ton of gold with an absurd build you were given. \n\nThe deck variety felt good. It seems to me that you can win using a variety of strategies, [b]however[/b] the game will not let you win if you put all of your eggs in one basket. You're not going to win with a \"poison deck\" because that's likely to be weak against many smaller units, or with a \"thorns deck\" because that's weak against high-hitting enemies, or with a \"heal deck\" because you can't heal if you're dead to a 40 damage attack.\n\n\nThe game will present challenges to you, and you need to be able to answer them appropriately -- you need to tank damage, to kill many small enemies quickly, to kill single large enemies, to put all your pieces on the board, etc. The way to do that is to know what challenges you'll be presented with, and what answers you can use against those challenges, both of which require knowing the game. Of course, sometimes you don't find the best answer, so you might have to settle for some mid option instead, but that's kind of the appeal of roguelikes to me. This mindset helped me get through all of my winning (or close-to-winning) runs, and it is what I feel many people who are dissatisfied with the game's balance are missing.", "label": 1}
