{"review_id": "126967397", "app_id": "1527950", "review_text": "There seems to be a trend going on of games that are deemed good because they are difficult. It started with Dark Souls and everyone seems to be trying it. However the difficulty of DS is self scalable and a tone setter for the game. \nWare tales however is just difficult. Don't get me wrong, i enjoy a game that seriously stresses my mind. I wait with anticipation for Frostpunk 2. However when a game artificially makes its setting difficult for the sake of being difficult, no thanks...\nNumber of points.\n1 Game economics are terrible. You can tell the economic capability of a game like this based of the craft cost. A crafted item should generally be worth more than the base components that went into it. This can vary if there is a price change due to quantity in a market (not for Wartales). When i went over the general prices for many crafted items, about 1/3 to 1/2 are just straight out less cost effective than their base components. This is disheartening to see at the start of a game. I didn't even factor in the general cost of acquiring the items in terms of party upkeep. You can grind the game out and make progress with the system possibly. That was just a massive red flag for me right away.\n2 Combat is completely unbalanced. I know, people with tell me that it was fine for them, just use strategy, or if you do it this certain way than its just fine. A game like this should reward you for thinking tactically, not demand it. I don't enjoy spending an abundant amount of time strategizing on each tedious fight. Also if you are fighting same level enemies as you, the general expectation is that their capabilities will be the same. If the enemy can do double my damage at the same level and class, that's an artificial difficulty adjustment for the sake of being difficult. I don't enjoy it, and i don't enjoy being given paltry rewards for it. At least one wound at least per encounter for me, costing me at least 20 in craft good cost for a medicine, reward worth about 15 or 20. Just disappointing after the effort.\n3 The story is lost in the survival. Any semblance of story that you might come across gets lost in the desperation to simply survive. You will make decisions based on your current needs more than on your morals at the start. Maybe this is the tale they are trying to convey. That life looses meaning when you stop living and just survive. Well they are right and that, in the end, is why i didn't exactly enjoy this game. I play games to live, not simply survive.", "label": 0}
