{"review_id": "117532552", "app_id": "1778060", "review_text": "So, I'm writing this while it's in an Alpha stage, I think? Pre-Alpha might be more accurate. In case it changes in the future, I got this game free because it is currently free. Also, It only says 5 minutes played because I was playing offline. Now, with all that said...\n\nThis game has potential. I like the concept, and even the story is sort of nice, though it's only told through implication.\n\nYou start in 'Town,' and it's inhabited by Scottish guards who greet you with 'ho's there?' and 'Let's get 'em!' and proceed to try and slash the protagonists, BowGuy and NotKnifeGuy (you throw it, and BowGuy kept getting it, I think because he'd kill whoever the knife got thrown at?). Fortunately, if you get lucky and don't roll 1.0 damage a bunch, they go down pretty quick. After getting through them, you enter a chapel, where a Scottish vaguely-green skeleton warrior greets you by slashing at you. And you lose, because he's got a lot of health.\n\nAfter that, you get put into the 'Dungeon.' Fortunately, they forgot to lock your cell, or even put a door on it, or even put you in a cell. You leave the NotCell and are accosted by Scottish werewolf guards who slash you. After beating them, you could go right or left, but going right is completely pointless, so I don't recommend it (I did and it didn't help).\n\nAs our heroes fight through the Dungeon, I feel obligated to mention a few problems I noticed. First, the End Turn button is a little tricky, you have to click below the text for it to work; or press T, which worked more reliably. Another being, the Dungeon is very laggy. Very. Maybe it's just me, but my computer (which is admittedly not made for gaming) could handle the other one/two (I'll get there) levels fine. Furthermore, two of the guards didn't despawn, fall over, or even lose their healthbar when killed, which was very confusing at first. But worst of all, a lot of times, after clicking the square where you want to go, though your character does move there, the graphic doesn't more. That's bearable (if confusing at first) but it's worse: the game is half-oblivious to it, rolling the dice on the misplaced graphic and MOVING THE CAMERA TO IT, NO MATTER HOW FAR AWAY THE ACTION ACTUALLY IS, which can be a little inconvenient when FOLIAGE AND WALLS STOP YOU MOVING AND ATTACKING ON SQUARES YOU CAN'T SEE, WHICH MEANS YOU HAVE TO DRAG THE CAMERA BACK EVERY FIVE SECONDS.\n\nIncluded in all of this was this situation: I came up on an enemy from behind a wall, so it couldn't see us. I left the pretty hurt BowGuy behind so he wouldn't lose health on this random werewolf. I walk out from behind the wall, he sees me. I attack him. BowGuy stays behind the wall that was JUST HIDING US. And the werewolf WALKS PAST ME, BEHIND THE WALL, AND ATTACKS MY COMPANION, HURTING HIM EVEN MORE.\n\n*Calming breaths.*\n\nAnyhow, after getting through the dungeon, there's another Scottish green skeleton guy, but he's much easier to beat up, though the character/camera broke again and... well, you get the point.\n\nAfter beating him and getting the 'PLAYER FACTION WON' message, you go to the next, third, unlisted level.\n\nYou spawn in and it's icy, and less laggy, and you know immediately that this level is going to be special. Why? Because in the chat box that error messages and Player_Movement4 type messages were popping up in, was the messages 'LIGHTING HAS BEEN CHANGED (909 objects)' and 'LIGHTING HAS BEEN CHANGED (2 objects)' were there in red and white, and below them in faded text read something like 'disable text to disable.' Forward slash didn't open the chatbox, by the way.\n\nThere's only one enemy on this map, another skeleton guy (he turns out to be Scottish when you get close enough). You move close, and let loose a shot with the longbow that he doesn't react to. Move a little closer, and he reveals his heritage and moves forward to attack. Then, you discover that BowGuy has a Spear now. How useful! So here you stand, ready to fight. Skeleton Man comes in to attack, and you know 'cause you shot him that he's got a lot of health, so this will be a tough fight. But you can feel in your hearts that this fight will end a reign of terror, free the Town and Dungeon from his evil grasp, and even though one of you may die, you will live on a legends, true heroes, who ended the reign of the evil Green Skeleton.\n\nHe walks in range, and then does nothing. This enemy, presumably, isn't programmed with attacking yet. Not just that, him not attacking freezes the turn. He literally pulls a Sans on you, never ending his turn so you can't attack. This is your cue to press Escape on the game and go back to the Main Menu.\n\nIf you've gotten though all this, you can probably tell I didn't have a super great time with my hour in this game. So why am I recommending it? Because I believe that the game will get better. Maybe that's a vague hope, a foolish hope, and old man's dream of a good D&D style game. But it is my hope and dream none-the-less, so I cast this stone in favor of a chance, that one day, perhaps, this game will reach greater heights.", "label": 1}
