{"review_id": "136565458", "app_id": "2094270", "review_text": "Lightracer Spark is a visual novel set in a Sci-Fi world. It's pretty much a narrative game where your choices matter as you progress through story. There are also some strategy elements, such as building various buildings, collecting resources, implementing space stations modules etc. I have to say that this game really surprised me how well made it is. \n\nStory/Narrative:\n\nI have to say that story is quite well written and everything is connected with each other. There is a lot of text to read, a lot of choices to make. Currently you can only play Chapter 1 (new chapters will come as DLCs) that has many mini chapters in it, and as you progress the story, you're able to learn a lot about who you are, what is your mission and what you're capable of doing. Prologue is some sort of Tutorial that shows you and teaches you how to play the game. The other chapters are specific stories that tell you about certain events. Now, the biggest pat of this game is that as Amender (controller of planets and universes) you have specific traits that influence the story. You can pick between 5 different paths and each brings unique traits and bonuses. In the story there will be some choices that you can complete and they have difficulty, ranging from very easy to very difficult. They do somewhat influence the story as it makes you get different ending and you don't collect all the information needed but the higher traits you have, the easier it is to complete them. For example, you'll have to talk about history of certain civilization and to complete that choice, you'll need decent knowledge on \"Strange Worlds\" that is a specific trait in the game. All in all, I have to stay that story is quite unique and it does get you hooked but I just wish that developers added the button that you can speed up the text since most of the time you yourself have to click Continue in order to progress through story and text is quite slow which leaves you enough time to read everything.\n\nStrategy elements:\n\nI personally think strategy elements don't influence the game that much. Yes, you have to collect resources such as energy points, technology points and population in order to complete some chapters, but at the same, you collect those quite fast and buildings are quite cheap to build. You can also upgrade them which allows you to gain resources faster. There are special buildings that do require some effort to build, and they bring you various bonuses and materials that are later required to build certain buildings. In general, it's not time consuming but you'll sometimes forget that they even exist or forget to upgrade them since you're mostly focused on the story. There is also war in this game. I personally think it's quite unfair for other provinces and countries to get attacked by you. Because you're technologically stronger and the higher population you have, the easier it is to recruit troops. Enemies are quite easy to kill and they won't pose a threat. I think it's more beneficial to just focus on your military rater than pure resources. \n\nIssues:\n\nEven though the story is quite well written, music and images are well made, I can't suggest this game for everyone. First of all, the mechanics of the game are quite easy to master and the game doesn't offer much content. Yes this is visual novel, but at the same time developers could have given us something more unique to do in between the stories and the stories progress way toooo fast. As soon as you're done with one mini chapter, you can instantly go to the other. As I already mentioned, building and waging war isn't anything special and it really doesn't bring you much. Time in the game can be slowed down or fastened up. If you have enough time to read through chapters and chapters of the story and you really do like to immerse yourself in futuristic world where AI helps you with everything, then surely this game is for you.  \n\nOverall score: 7.5", "label": 1}
