{"review_id": "136621393", "app_id": "1811990", "review_text": "I have to echo many of the sentiments of those who have had issues with this game. I want to love Wildfrost, the graphics and presentation are just utterly amazing. The charm that this game imparts is something that keeps drawing me back to play another run, but the immense number of balance issues prevent me from trying this game any further. This is sad given that I absolutely love this genre, and would've loved another game to sink more time into, but in its current form, I cannot recommend it.\n\nBalance issues are as follows:\n\n1. Heroes are generally pretty bad: The heroes that you get to select at the beginning are, more often than not, underwhelming and completely eclipsed by the enemies you'll face, both in terms of health and damage output. This makes the early game significantly more difficult as I found that I was always leaning towards the tougher heroes and neglecting the ones with special abilities, simply to ensure that I had enough output to keep up with the games difficulty ramp.\n\n2. Most companions, charms and treasures are either bad, or just actively make your deck worse: Building a deck around some kind of strategy becomes either rare, or nearly impossible when the choices of companions you're presented with are basically unplayable, or don't meld well with your existing deck. The inability to 'skip' a pick, means you're forced to actively add cards to your deck that make an already bad deck, worse. The charms are all over the place, and the fact that you only get a single charm to pick from when you find them in the dispensers means that quite often you get less out of the route you take then you would otherwise need to keep up. Many of the charms are just straight up bad. I only once in all my runs managed to put some kind of coherent strategy together, and even then it wasn't enough to beat the run.\n\n3. Enemies swarm you: It didn't take long me to realise that this games balance has some serious issues, particularly when waves of enemies keep spawning at a rate far greater than your ability to dispose of them. Given that many enemies can act faster, have more health, and even hit harder than anyone on your team, it makes the swarming even worse. Most of my runs ended because I simply couldn't keep up with the sheer number of enemies that were appearing on the screen. When the mini-boss of each stage appears, if you haven't sufficiently dealt with prior enemies, it can make the game unplayable in terms of difficulty.\n\nI enjoy a challenging game, and don't mind taking the time to learn how to play these better in order to overcome the difficulty, but Wildfrost's balance makes any attempt to trying to do that seemingly pointless. Beating this game seems to come down more to RNG with card choices, and charms then it does with the actual skill of the player. Either you lucked out on an extremely good deck, or your run is just dead.\n\nFor the above reasons (and many others that have been mentioned in other reviews), I cannot recommend Wildfrost.", "label": 0}
