{"review_id": "136620317", "app_id": "2354600", "review_text": "So, I don't know if there are different endings or anything like that, but I have at least completed the \"Feed\" options on all 3 levels with Renfield, so I think I have some ability to say certain things. \n\nGame is awesome. The pixelated style is a common choice for these roguelite games, but the combination of the music, the animations, and the sometimes goofy moments makes me wonder what the movie will be like. Which...is probably what the developers want, but I have to say, they do it well. So whatever gripes I may have being advertised to by a videogame are all unimportant since it worked >:)\n\nSome visual/gameplay issues I noticed. Hitboxes are not very defined. I can sometimes get right into an enemy's face without getting hit, and the others it feels like I got suckerpunched from nowhere. And that is just the melee enemies. The enemy bullets are hard to keep track of. I had a buddy watch me from the side and with all the shimmying about I was doing to hit the enemies, I neglected the bullets that were apparently obvious. Now, that might be my ADHD at play, but I was definitely getting better about avoiding most of the onslaught of projectiles. Another issue is the controls. Not having a cursor from your mouse made things a little wonky in the menu screen. At first, the game crashed on exit, but it seems that was fixed pretty quickly. Also, don't expect to win...for some time. Or maybe I am just bad at the game (:\n\nIdeas for the future? I am not going to tell the developers how to play the game, but some things I had questions on are how hard it is to understand anything. For example, the Victims you are to save or kill...I think an achievement is related to this option, but I can't determine how to go about it. I both saved and killed the Cheerleader in the first level with Renfield, but there was no obvious difference in result, save for time remaining upon reaching the boss room and the amount of money that was rewarded. Is money going to be more important in a future update? Also, the shop was a little surprising. It took me a bit to realize there were other tabs lol. Also also, the coffin was something I wasn't sure what it did until I realized I had to buy it multiple times. I had thought its effect was an upgrade I got in a run.\n\nAll-in-all, the game is hectic, visually stimulating, probably a good game to watch for streamers, and if this is just the beginning, then I am looking forward to what the developers bring in the future.\n\nI will keep playing just to see if beating the levels in both Feed and Save options for both playable characters will do something. Then I will play to see if there are good synergies.\n\n(Bats, bats, we are the bats)", "label": 1}
