{"review_id": "136622979", "app_id": "2328760", "review_text": "Having played many hours on Epic, I'm so happy to see this launch on Steam. The biggest draw to Pinball FX is the updated physics system coming from the prior entry, Pinball FX3. While much of this may feel minor at first, the ball behaves far more consistently across different tables and the challenge on the non simulator pinball tables (i.e, Zen Originals and franchise crossovers) is much faster and weighty. Graphically, it is a solid improvement if you have a capable PC. The ray-tracing is nice, although not mandatory. It is much improved over its early access performance, and I now get around 90FPS with max graphics settings at 1440p with ray-tracing enabled. Hey, it's just nice to see those reflections on the glossy board :-) \n\nThe elephant in the room is the lack of DLC carryover to the new platform. While unfortunate, I believe this is a passion project geared towards enthusiasts. Recreating each table takes time, so does implementing ray-tracing, updating lighting, and ensuring all of the prior systems work with how the ball and flippers now behave; this is no small feat. Given the DLC packs which discount purchases of updated tables if you already own them on PFX3 (See the legacy bundles), I think it is fair. Zen have provided multiple ways to discount tables and assist long-term players in the transition to the new system. \n\nNo, you don't *need* to update to Pinball FX if you are happy with Pinball FX3. Keep your purchases there and keep enjoying the game! Those tables are still great. However if you are an enthusiast, you will enjoy playing these tables with their updated physics along with the already hefty amount of new content. I have particularly enjoyed Wrath of the Elder Gods, Grimm Tales, World War Z and the new William's tables (Addams Family, finally!). \n\nTwo thumbs up from me. Zen have really pulled through after their rocky launch on Epic and I'm excited to see how this platform develops for years to come. Between the Punishinly accurate Williams simulations, the video-gamey Zen Originals and numerous franchise crossovers, I believe Pinball FX has truly become THE hub for Pinball, no matter how you engage with the game.", "label": 1}
